So let's go to maintain this and start styling.
Right.
And the first thing that we're going to create is actually for the title.
Because remember all this is going to be our title that we're going to be actually reusing.
All right.
So we're going to go here.
I know this is going to say this is going to be tied up and just do a few things.
First of going to say tied up and we're going to have a property of margin and we're going to save 40
pixels and zero on this or here.
Then we are going to have a title text.
Right so we're going to go here and we're going to say this is going to be a title or text or this and
we're going to say this is going to be text all the time text.
I'm going to say Santa.
They're all going to have a font size over here of what the size or your font size.
We're going to say 40 pixels then we're going to have a color and the color is actually going to be
hashtag e zero e to d be like this.
And then we're going to have a fun style and style like this and we're going to say taluk and then we're
going to have a text transformation uppercase right so text transformation uppercase right so nice is
going to be our big text.
And then we need to create a title underline or Hirose title and we're going to say title on the line.
Right.
And what we should have is with or here of 200 pixels on like this then we're going to have a border
of three pixels solid with two or three pixels solid and we're going to say this is going to be six
A and then we're going to have F to E F to the right and then we just need to do the margins are going
to say margin 0 Arto.
So now you can see that it's exactly in the middle now and then we're done with the title or and actually
start styling services services here and then we're going to have first rule for the whole section.
So we're going to sell your services sir.
Mrs. Reagan we're here and they're all going to say what kind of role she should have.
Right.
So minimal height.
We're going to give it this time.
You right.
100.
Right.
And the laws are going to copy Actually from what I already had.
So if we scroll all the way to the top right you can see that we have this one right and we're just
going to copy this one right now the difference is we're not going to need a linear gradient and we
also need this display Flaccus right.
So we're is it going to go here.
We're going to say copy right and scroll the way all the way in the bottom right and just copy and paste
or here right.
So copy and paste it.
And when we get rid of linear gradient like this.
Now I can see that we have the image right.
And everything is working.
Everything is fine.
Now the only difference is that right now we do want some little bit of time right.
So we're going to go here.
And I was going to say that we would want a padding and we want a padding of 20 pixels or here that
we would want a zero.
Then you want 80 pixels here and this and then we're going to have again another zero.
All right.
So pretty much top and bottom right padding and a sidewards going to leave it like the way it is.
Right.
The next guy we're going to have is actually service container right.
You can see that you know what let's change the image.
The actual images services are going to go back on here and I'm going to change the image as it is doesn't
make a difference right.
So I don't have a better looking image for this particular part.
I'm going to say Services and say container container.
Right.
And once we have this we're going to have a max with more here.
We're going to say this is going to be 90 and you board right like this you believe and they're all
going to have a margin 0 0 all over going to place in the center.
And then we're going to have a caller or here hashtag the zero G and then we're going to have to be
right.
So now we're going to have a white collar and then we're going to have a service item.
Right.
So now we're actually dealing with this whole thing.
And the first thing we need is actually the service either.
So we're here we're going to say service service we're going to say item right.
And what should happen.
We're all going to say that this is going to be overflow hidden.
So we're going to say we're going to say hit it right once we have this you're going to say position
relative position relative and that we're going to have the padding I'm going to say the padding is
actually going to be 60 pixels or 60 pixels or here like this.
Right.
So you can see that we first we created a padding right.
And then we actually created a relative head.
Right.
And you'll see why we had actually these two properties just in a sec.
So the next one we would want a service item from some say service or here and I'm going to say Fantastic.
Right.
So now we're targeting the font.
Awesome.
I'm going to say font size.
We're going to say 60 pixels then we're going to have a margin margin bottom or here we're going to
say this is going to be 30 pixels.
Right.
We're going to have a caller and the caller over here is going to be easy or here 6 8 6 8 and then it's
going to be half to do.
Healing.
So we're pretty much creating a color for it to be obviously.
All right so we have the same hair color.
Then over here we're all going to do is we're going to save that for this service item black.
Right.
So first let's go and remember when we have one service item was black and the other one was white.
So we're all going to say sir this and I'm we're going to say black and white what's going to happen
or we're going to say background.
Right.
And now we're going to have a linear linear gradient here like this and then we're going to say this
is going to be our GPA and we're going to say this is zero zero zero.
And this is going to be point seven no going to copy this one and it's all going to grab this guy over
here and press copy and out here place a comma or here and this is going to be a semi go right.
So you can see what happened with the black ones right.
You can see how they look.
They had actually the black overlay.
Right.
And as always we need to do the same thing with a white one right.
So here we can just copy this one.
This one new real going to say this is going to be white.
So a white and over here we're going to change these values.
Right.
So this is going to be two point six.
Then the next one is going to be 2 0 8 and then over here we're going to have a 2 0 6 and all here this
is going to be 0.6.
And the next one is going to be exactly the same.
Right.
So again we have few options.
We can just copy this one actually pasted or however you would want right.
So here I'm going to leave this guy here and we're going to have a bracket and pasted over here.
Now we have two of them right.
And this is going to be actually you can see it is different now or later right.
So this is going to be this way.
All right and for the love letter overlay we need to change the color so I'm going to send the court
is going to be 1 9 1 7 1 6.
Right so we're going to make it a darker color and then over here what you want to start actually styling
these front and back text.
Right.
So technically this font also Mike on this title is the Frontex.
And this is the text that's cannot actually appear so that's why I'm going to call it a back.
All right.
So front text more here and that's what's going to happen.
I'm going to say this is going to be text on center thanks to.
I'm going to say.
And they're We're going to have transition right here and I'm going to say transform and we're going
to say two seconds.
Or here like this.
Right.
So this is for the Frontex to actually move up.
Right now we have a back text that actually needs to also move up.
Right but first we need to move actually done.
Sorry I'm going to say back text and then we're going to have a properties.
Right.
So first we want is position absolute we're willing to say absolute right.
So pretty much trying to get rid of this guy right.
We don't want it to be shown in the beginning.
Right.
And therefore we had all this position relative so we can play around with this position absolutely
right.
And also here is our lay here didn't have to be or here so we can hide this guy.
Right.
So he was going to say bottom and bottom is going to be negative 15 times.
And you're just going to have to believe me.
What we're doing right now right.
Because I obviously set everything right.
And but if you if you want you can add this to last so you can see what we're actually doing.
All right.
So here I'm going to say this is going to be with so only 5 percent or here then you are going to say
it again the margin we're going to have zero auto then we're going to have a height and we're going
to say this is going to be a hundred percent there we're going to have a transition.
Right.
And this is going to be actually bottom transition right.
I'm going to say bottom we're going to say two seconds and then we're going to have a party of 30 pixels
and zero pixels.
And then what do we would want to do is actually style the heading one.
All right so we're going to go back over here.
We're going to say black text black text or here we're going to say having one.
And what should happen I'm going to say margin and margin bottom here and we're going to say 20 pixels.
Right.
So again you're going to have to believe me what we're doing right.
And because you're going to be later on you will see actually how everything looks like.
So the next one is actually going to be able to get back text and then we're going to say this is going
to be BOTTEN.
Right.
And what should happen to the button.
So first we're going to see margin top.
And we're going to say let's say 20 pixels and then we're going to be a padding.
We're going to say 10 pixels or 20 pixels when they don't have a background and we're going to have
a transparent
transparent or this will have a border and the border is going to be two pixels solid and then we're
going to change this one around right.
So this is going to be hash tag and not border and border.
And here are going to say it's going to be six or here.
And then this is going to be EF 2 EF 2.
So there's guy the name of font size for the button font size.
And then we have 20 pixels or here and the color and the color is going to be again this is going to
read more here 6 a.
And after we have to.
So now we have this set up and now it wants something we're hovering right.
So we're going to go here and you know what I'm kind of getting tired of nothings not seeing anything
right.
So this is going to move this one so we can see actually what's happening right.
And then just remind me actually to change this one so it's actually working right.
And then over here we're going to say for back text button text or hear button and we're going to say
hover and what should happen as we're hovering right.
So we're going to set the rules as we're doing.
So we're going to make it over here we're going to set back on color ground color and we're going to
say this is going to be again this is going to be e Six Day.
And after we have to be ready then we're going to have a caller and the caller is going to be 1 9 1
6 1 7 1 7 1 6.
And then we want for the white button red because the white button is going to be a little bit different
because you can see that it's not going to look as good.
Right.
If it stays in sync.
So here we're going to say this is going to be service white button or service we're here and I'm here
white and they're We're going to say button on your hover right.
So as we're hovering what should happen let's check it out.
First thing is going to be background and background and actually going to say it's going to be 1 9
1 7 1 6.
Right.
And the background is going to be like this.
Then we have a border and we're going to say border color and you know what actually went ahead I didn't
need for a hovering right.
So we actually in a different read.
So first we needed for the button.
So I apologize for this and we needed a background yellow light on this one.
So we're going to go over here.
We're going to say this is going to be six.
And then I'm going to have a half to the writing this is going to be the white one and or here we're
going to have a color of black.
Right.
So we're going to go with color.
I don't know I'm going to say because I'm going to one mine.
I'm sorry hashtag.
Right.
So first it was hashtag I'm going to say 1 9 1 7 1 6 7 1 6.
All right.
So then we have black text and then we want a hovering effect right.
So now we can just copy this guy over here.
Copy this one.
And I actually said it over here copy and pasted and we're going to say however we're going to say how
ever and what would shouldn't happen or here.
It should be background.
Right.
And now the background is going to 1 9 1 7 1 6 and we're going to have a border color which is also
going to be the same thing.
So we can just copy this one over here and copy this guy copy and paste and then we're going to have
a color right and the color is going to be in again it's going to be six eight.
And they're all going to have to have be.
So we'll have this one over here to check it out right as we're going.
You can see what's happening right.
We have a color.
Right.
But maybe over here.
I don't know whether we would want all this border not background color actually border color.
This one is border color right so if we go back over here you can see that it should look like this.
Right.
And then we have for the Frontex right when we have those two rules that actually make all the magic
happen right.
So here let's remember again this negative 50 even.
Right.
So it's high time again right.
And now let's actually set the rules the day will appear.
All right.
So we're here we're going to write server side.
I'm so serious and I'm not going to say hover.
And so as we're hovering over server side and what should happen right.
So we're going to have a front here text and we're going to have a transform property right.
And we're going to say this is going to be translate.
Translate.
Why and we're going to say this is going to be negative 200 pixels on this.
Right.
So I'm just going to say this guy or here we're going to say Cirus right here I had I'm going to say
again how were and what's going to happen to the back text like some black text on here and what we're
going to do is bottom her bottom bottom zero.
So I would say this one.
Let's go to the big screen is going to look probably better.
Right refresh.
Right now I can see I haven't set up the grid yet.
But just for hovering right.
This is how we do it.
All right.
So just remember those two things right.
First we have all here.
This was the resolution.
Right.
And first this was the setup right for the back and Frontex right.
You can see or hear.
Right.
So this one was for the back text.
And this was for the Frontex from Texas obviously was much more shoulder.
Right.
We just did a transform and then we added two seconds and then we did the transform translate.
Why.
Right.
And we're here for a transition.
This was a little bit more because we first had to hide it.
Right so position absolute and bottom line is negative.
Right.
And obviously these rallies can differ of what you have inside or here right.
But this is the general sense of pride.
First we hide it and then we go back over here and then we resolve this right.
And the last thing that we actually have is media.
Right.
So this is for Responsive skree.
So if we go back over here I was going to create a little bit more room because there's going to be
a little bit longer.
I'm going to say we're here in media and we're going to say screen are here like this and right here
we're going to write mean with we're here we're going to say this is going to be 776.
And so this is going to be for the medium 7 7 7 7 6 pixels wide over here and we're going to have brackets
and then we're going to say that this is going to be a services container or here we're going to write
this is going to be this play and we're going to say grade right.
So we would want first them to be in this.
And then there's going to be and other things that are going on.
Right.
When you say grade template or here play columns like this maybe let's get rid of this guy or your grade
template columns template columns and we're going to say this is going to be one.
Fraction one fraction right.
So are here two fractions.
And then now we would actually want to change the water.
Right.
So remember how these things look like this.
And if we actually say this and go back right you'll see that it's not going to look the way we want
right.
So this is going to look like this right.
So obviously we need to change the order of these guys right.
We're here just flip this one to the left.
All right.
So what we're going to do here we're going to write services here.
Container container.
And we're going to say this is going to be a service item item class and we're going to have a nth child
and we're going to say this is one.
Right and of and child of type 1 or you can say of type and we're going to say one.
And so what does this one say one.
And what should happen for the first one.
What is going to say this is going to be more than one murder.
One more here and now we're going to copy and paste this and just change around three and four one two
three.
Right.
And this is going to be honest with the child number two the child number two is going to stay the three
actually is going to become a 4 and the four is going to become three.
Right.
And this was it for this lovely CSSA.
So we go back refresh and you can see that something went wrong because that's not how we wanted.
Right.
So let's check it out again where something must of maybe stop somewhere right.
So services container.
This is one two three four.
And this is three four.
Right.
And this is actually not three.
This is actually needs to be four.
Right.
So we saved this one over here and let's try it again.
And sure enough now works right.
So now this is how we can create or hear the services section and now we really want to.